Kanban, what I'll show you now is how to calculate the size of
a bin in a Kanban system. Just as a quick refresher a Kanban
is a three-bin system and we have three equal sized bins
in which we hold inventory, for a certain,
let's say manufacturing process. The idea behind the Kanban system is that
Bin 1 sits right there where we use it. Bin 2 sits in the shop back room or in an attached warehouse, and
Bin 3 sits with the supplier. Now the idea about Bin 3 is
that it is ready to be shipped. We cannot add any wait time or
any manufacturing time. You can't just say, once I get the order
I will start building products for Bin 3. That is not possible. It has to be finished
goods ready to be shipped. Now back to be in Bin 1. As we take items out of Bin 1 and
it becomes empty, we are going to move Bin
2 onto the shop floor and place an order to the supplier
to move Bin 3 into our facility. Now in an ideal system, Bin 1 is almost empty as we
move Bin 2 onto the shop floor. Bin 3 Is on the shop floor,
ready to be shipped. Now the big question is,
how large should the bins be? First of all,
they should all be the equal size, and that corresponds to the lead time demand. After all those complex
formulas that I taught you in the previous screen captures,
this one will be very simple. Here we have an example of demand and the lead time for
each order that has been shipped. Now, this is based on
historical information and it is not set up to be
a Kanban system yet. However, the calculation for
Kanban is fairly simple. All we need to do is, we need to calculate
average demand, average lead time, and then from that it's fairly simple to
do the lead time demand calculation. So to get the average demand,
we use the Average function. There's that to get the Average Lead Time, the average or historical lead times. And then the lead time demand
equals the average demand times the average lead time. So in other words, we should have
a Kanban size of 112 units because on average,
that's our lead time demand, and we should be able to have a functioning
Kanban system with this set up. And ship out every five days,
five and a half days if we need to. So there you see how simple it
is to set up a Kanban system. There are more complex methods and
sometimes you do need to take safety stock into account, but at its very core
this is how simple it can be.